.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Michael Haardt (michael@moria.de), Fri Apr  2 11:32:09 MET DST 1993
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\" 
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 17:17:50 1993 by Rik Faith <faith@cs.unc.edu>
.\" Modified Thu Oct 19 21:25:21 MET 1995 by Martin Schulze <joey@infodrom.north.de>
.\" Modified Mon Oct 21 17:47:19 EDT 1996 by Eric S. Raymond
.\" <esr@thyrsus.com>xk
.\" 
.\" Polish translation nov.1996 piotr.pogorzelski@ippt.gov.pl
.\" Last update: A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>, Mar 2002,
.\"              manpages 1.48
.\" 
.TH TTYTYPE 5 1993-07-24 "Linux" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
ttytype \- przypisanie typów terminali urządzeniom terminalowym
.SH OPIS
Plik
.B /etc/ttytype
kojarzy nazwy typów terminali opisane w termcap/terminfo z liniami urządzeń
terminalowych. Każda z linii tego pliku zawiera typ terminala oraz prefix
nazwy terminala (nazwy urządzenia z pominięciem
.IR /dev/ ),
rozdzielone białymi znakami.

Skojarzenie to jest wykorzystywane przez program
.BR tset (1)
do nadawanie zmiennej środowiskowej TERM poprawnej wartości (domyślnego typu
terminala dla urządzenia terminalowego użytkownika).

Udogodnienie to zaprojektowano dla tradycyjnego środowiska wielodostępnego
składającego się z terminali znakowych podłączonych do minikomputera
z systemem Unix. Jest ono rzadko używane we współczesnych stacjach roboczych
i osobistych komputerach uniksowych.
.SH PRZYKŁAD
Zwykle plik
.I /etc/ttytype
zawiera:
.RS
.sp
con80x25 tty1
.br
vt320 ttys0
.sp
.RE
.SH PLIKI
.TP
.I /etc/ttytype
plik definiujący terminale przyłączone do systemu.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR getty (1),
.BR termcap (5),
.BR terminfo (5)
