.\" {PTM/LK/0.1/27-09-1998/"wprowadzenie do sekcji 7 - różne"}
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 1993 Michael Haardt
.\" (u31b3hs@pool.informatik.rwth-aachen.de), Fri Apr 2 11:32:09 MET DST
.\" 1993
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139,
.\" USA.
.\" 
.\" Modified by Thomas Koenig (ig25@rz.uni-karlsruhe.de) 24 Apr 1993
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 17:28:08 1993 by Rik Faith (faith@cs.unc.edu)
.\" Tłumaczenie: 27 lipca 1998 Łukasz Kowalczyk (lukow@tempac.okwf.fuw.edu.pl)
.TH INTRO 7 "23 kwietnia 1998" "Linux" "Podręcznik programisty linuksowego"
.SH NAZWA
intro \- Wprowadzenie do sekcji różne
.SH "OPIS"
W tym rozdziale opisano rozmaite zagadnienia takie jak pakiety
makroinstrukcji dla programu nroff, tabele, pliki nagłówkowe dla języka C, 
hierarchię plików, ogólne pojęcia oraz wszystko inne, co nie pasowało do
pozostałych sekcji.
.SH "AUTORZY"
Dane autorów oraz informacja o prawach autorskich znajdują się w nagłówku strony.
Zauważ, że te dane nie są jednakowe dla wszystkich stron.
