.\" {PTM/WK/1999-10-20}
.\" -*- nroff -*-
.\"
.\" copyright (C) 1997 Stephen Williams <steve@icarus.com>
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\" 
.\" Since the Linux kernel and libraries are constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\" 
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\"
.TH skel 9 "$Date: 1999/10/20 09:41:12 $" "Linux DDI" "Funkcje jądra"
.\"
.\" Dla pierwszych sekcji wyłącz przenoszenie wyrazów i wyrównywanie w prawo.
.hlm 0
.na
.\" Aby działało apropos nazwa powinna być sformatowana w ten sposób
.SH NAZWA
skel \- wzorzec strony podręcznika dla pozycji w sekcji 9
.\"
.\"
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <linux/linux.h>
.HP
.\"
.\" Włącz powtórnie przenoszenie wyrazów i wyrównywanie.
.hlm 1
.ad
.SH OPIS
Opisz funkcję i jej parametry. Sekcja ta nie powinna być traktowana jako
wprowadzenie do programowania jądra, ale jako podręczny opis funkcji.
Można przyjąć założenie o pewnej podstawowej wiedzy o programowaniu sterowników.
.SH WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA
Opisz zwracane wartości. Wylicz wszystkie różniące się wartości i ich zakresy.
.SH DOSTĘPNOŚĆ
Wskaż wersje jądra. Jeśli funkcja jest ograniczona do pewnych architektur,
napisz to.
.SH ZOBACZ TAKŻE
.hlm 0
.na
.BR man "(1), " man "(7), " intro "(9)"
.ad
.hlm 1
.PP
Wskaż też pliki źródłowe jądra, które implementują opisywaną funkcję.
.SH AUTOR
Kim jesteś?
.SH BŁĘDY
Opisz wszelkie nietypowe zachowania czy niespodzianki, do których może
prowadzić posługiwanie się funkcją. Nie mogą to być błędy, ale po prostu
pechowe efekty uboczne.
