.\" {PTM/RL/20-12-2000/"Zaawansowane narzędzie zarządzania pakietami"}
.\" Translation: Robert Luberda <robert@debian.org>, Dec 2000, apt 0.4.7
.\" Last update: Robert Luberda, November 2005, apt 0.6.41
.\" $Id: apt.8,v 1.3 2005/10/16 21:32:24 robert Exp $
.\" 
.\" This manpage is copyright (C) 1998 Branden Robinson <branden@debian.org>.
.\" 
.\" This is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify
.\" it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2,
.\" or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" This is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
.\" WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with APT; if not, write to the Free Software
.\" Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 
.\" 02111-1307 USA
.\"
.TH apt 8 "16 czerwca 1998" "Debian GNU/Linux"
.SH NAZWA
apt \- Zaawansowane narzędzie zarządzania pakietami
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B apt
.SH OPIS
APT jest systemem zarządzania pakietami oprogramowania. Jest on wciąż rozwijany
i w miarę dobre
.\" w oryginale było snazzy
nakładki nie są jeszcze dostępne. Tymczasem proszę zobaczyć na
.BR apt-get (8).
.SH OPCJE
Brak.
.SH PLIKI
Brak.
.SH ZOBACZ TAKŻE
.BR apt-cache (8),
.BR apt-get (8),
.BR apt.conf (5),
.BR sources.list (5)
.SH DIAGNOSTYKA
apt zwraca zero, jeżeli zakończyło się pomyślnie, 100 dziesiętnie w przypadku błędu.
.SH BŁĘDY
Ta strona podręcznika nie jest nawet zaczęta.
.PP
Patrz <http://bugs.debian.org/apt>.  Aby wysłać zgłoszenie o błędzie w programie
.BR apt ,
przeczytaj
.I /usr/share/doc/debian/bug-reporting.txt
lub użyj polecenia
.BR reportbug (1).
.SH AUTOR
apt zostało napisane przez zespół APT <apt@packages.debian.org>.
