.\" Hey Emacs! This file is -*- nroff -*- source.
.\"
.\" Copyright 1995 Michael Chastain (mec@shell.portal.com), 15 April 1995.
.\"
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.\" Modified 22 July 1995 by Michael Chastain (mec@duracef.shout.net):
.\"   Fixed incorrect word in 'TH' call.
.\"
.\" Modified Tue Oct 22 16:44:55 1996 by Eric S. Raymond <esr@thyrsus.com>
.\" Translation (c) 2002 Andrzej M. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>
.\"              manpages 1.47
.\"
.TH OBSOLETE 2 1995-07-22 "Linux 2.0" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
oldfstat, oldlstat, oldstat, oldolduname, olduname \- przestarzałe wywołania
systemowe
.SH SKŁADNIA
Przestarzałe wywołania systemowe.
.SH OPIS
Kernel Linuksa 2.0 implementuje te wywołania jako wsparcie dla starych
programów. Wywołania te zwracają struktury, które urusły od czasu ich
pierwszej implementacji, lecz stare programy muszą nadal otrzymywać mniejsze
struktury.
.PP
Obecne programy powinny być konsolidowane z aktualnymi bibliotekami i nigdy
nie powinny używać tych wywołań.
.SH "ZGODNE Z"
Te wywołania występują tylko w Linuksie i nie powinnny być używane
w żadnych nowych programach.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR fstat (2),
.BR lstat (2),
.BR stat (2),
.BR uname (2),
.BR unimplemented (2)
