.\" 1999 PTM Przemek Borys
.\" Last update: A. Krzysztofowicz <ankry@mif.pg.gda.pl>, Mar 2002,
.\"              manpages 1.48
.\" 
.\" Copyright (c) 1983, 1991 The Regents of the University of California.
.\" All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)sigblock.2	6.7 (Berkeley) 3/10/91
.\"
.\" Modified Sat Jul 24 10:09:15 1993 by Rik Faith <faith@cs.unc.edu>
.\" Modified Fri Aug 11 1995 by Stephen Lee <sl14@cornell.edu>
.\" Modified 1995 by Mike Battersby <mib@deakin.edu.au>
.\""
.TH SIGBLOCK 2 1995-08-31 "Linux 1.3" "Podręcznik programisty Linuksa"
.SH NAZWA
sigblock, siggetmask, sigsetmask, sigmask \- operacje na masce sygnałów
.SH SKŁADNIA
.B #include <signal.h>
.sp
.BI "int sigblock(int " mask );
.sp
.B int siggetmask(void);
.sp
.BI "int sigsetmask(int " mask );
.sp
.BI "int sigmask(int " signum );
.SH OPIS
Interfejs ten jest przedawniony przez
.BR sigprocmask (2).

Wywołanie systemowe
.B sigblock
dodaje przekazane w masce
.I mask
sygnały do zestawu obecnie blokowanych sygnałów (które nie mogą być
dostarczone).
.PP
Wywołanie
.B sigsetmask
zamienia ten zestaw całkowicie nowym zestawem, podanym jako maska
.IR mask .
Sygnały są blokowane jeśli odpowiadający im bit maski 
.I mask
jest jedynką.
.PP
Zestaw aktualnie blokowanych sygnałów można uzyskać za pomocą
.BR siggetmask .
.PP
Udostępnia się makro
.BR sigmask ,
konstruujące maskę dla podanego w
.I signum
sygnału.

.SH "WARTOŚĆ ZWRACANA"
.B siggetmask
zwraca bieżący zestaw maskowanych sygnałów.

.B sigsetmask 
i
.B sigblock
zwracają poprzedni zbiór maskowanych sygnałów.
.SH UWAGI
Prototypy tych funkcji są dostępne tylko jeśli przed włączeniem jakiegokolwiek
systemowego pliku nagłówkowego zdefiniowano
.BR _BSD_SOURCE .
.PP
Nie można blokować sygnałów
.B SIGKILL
i
.B SIGSTOP
\- ograniczenie to jest milcząco wymuszone przez system

.SH "ZGODNE Z"
4.4BSD. Funkcje te pojawiły się w BSD 4.3 i zostały porzucone.
W nowych programach należy korzystać z POSIX-owych metod obsługi sygnałów.
.SH "ZOBACZ TAKŻE"
.BR kill (2),
.BR sigprocmask (2),
.BR signal (7)
