.\" {PTM/PB/0.1/25-12-1998/"drukuj kolejkę poczty"}
.\" Copyright (c) 1985, 1990, 1993
.\"	The Regents of the University of California.  All rights reserved.
.\"
.\" Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
.\" modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
.\" are met:
.\" 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
.\" 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
.\"    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
.\"    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
.\" 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software
.\"    must display the following acknowledgement:
.\"	This product includes software developed by the University of
.\"	California, Berkeley and its contributors.
.\" 4. Neither the name of the University nor the names of its contributors
.\"    may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
.\"    without specific prior written permission.
.\"
.\" THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE REGENTS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND
.\" ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
.\" IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
.\" ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE REGENTS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
.\" FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
.\" DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS
.\" OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
.\" HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
.\" LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY
.\" OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
.\" SUCH DAMAGE.
.\"
.\"     @(#)mailq.1	8.4 (Berkeley) 2/22/94
.\" 1998 translation by Przemek Borys <pborys@dione.ids.pl>
.\"
.Dd February 22, 1994
.Dt MAILQ 1
.Os BSD 4
.Sh NAZWA
.Nm mailq
.Nd drukuj kolejkę poczty
.Sh SKŁADNIA
.Nm mailq
.Op Fl v
.Sh OPIS
.Nm Mailq
wypisuje skolejkowane wiadomości pocztowe, przeznaczone do przyszłego
dostarczenia.
.Pp
Pierwsza linia, wypisywana dla każdej wiadomości, pokazuje wewnętrzny
identyfikator używany na tym hoście dla danej wiadomości, rozmiar w bajtach,
oraz datę i czas przyjęcia wiadomości do kolejki, a także kopertę nadawcy
wiadomości.
Następna linia pokazuje informację o błędzie, który spowodował wrzucenie
wiadomości do kolejki; nie będzie jej, jeśli wiadomość jest przetwarzana po
raz pierwszy.
Następne linijki pokazują odbiorców wiadomości, po jednym w linii.
.Pp
.Nm Mailq
jest identyczne z
.Dq Li "sendmail -bp" .
.Pp
Opcje są następujące:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl v
Wypisuje informacje interaktywne.
Dodatkowo w pierwszej linii wiadomości
pokazywany jest priorytet wiadomości oraz pojedynczy wskaźnik
znakowy (,,+'' lub puste pole) wskazujący, czy wysłano wiadomość ostrzegającą.
Pomiędzy linie opisujące odbiorców mogą być wplecione dodatkowe linie,
zawierające informacje dotyczące ,,użytkownika kontrolującego''. Pokazują
one, kto jest właścicielem programów, które są wywoływane na rzecz tej
wiadomości oraz nazwę aliasu, z którego rozwinięto to polecenie, jeśli taki
istniał.
.El
.Pp
Narzędzie
.Nm mailq
kończy z kodem zero, albo >0 kiedy pojawi się błąd.
.Sh ZOBACZ TAKŻE
.Xr sendmail 8
.Sh HISTORIA
Polecenie
.Nm mailq
pojawiło się w
.Bx 4.0 .
